Expand the transaction callback ordering in guides [ci-skip] (#49888)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_record_callbacks.md

NOTE: This applies to all `after_*_commit` variations too, such as `after_destroy_commit`.

This order can be set via configuration:

```ruby
config.active_record.run_after_transaction_callbacks_in_order_defined = false
```

> If `true` (the default from Rails 7.1), callbacks are executed in the order they
> are defined. If `false`, the order is reversed, just like in the example above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `true` (the default from Rails 7.1), callbacks are executed in the order they
are defined. When set to `false`, the order is reversed, just like in the example above.
```

Author: Thanks! That reads better indeed.
I'll also change it in the API docs where I copied it from.
